Hello.
You have reached the end of the course, Apache API Integration in Java.
In this last module,
you're going to see how to work with the Microsoft PowerPoint document using
the Apache POI API. If you take a quick look at the journey you've come so far,
if you've followed this course from the beginning,
you've completed the path to learning Apache PDFBox API integration
Java, and completed all the steps, but the last in the path to learning
Apache POI API integration in Java. Let me take you through what you
will be covering in this module.
You will see how to create a Microsoft PowerPoint presentation using the Apache
POI API in your Java application, and add some slides to it.
Then go ahead and use different slide layouts as
appropriate for the presentation.
Start adding some basic content to the slides like texts and images.
Add some basic formatting to the slide content,
like setting font type, color,
size, and style, and drawing outlines around images.
Add hyperlinks on a slide, and finally, to read and do modifications to
the already created presentation by reordering and deleting slides. In the
application that we have been building for the furniture store scenario
throughout this course, to create different types of documents, now we
need to generate a product presentation to be used by the marketing module
of the ERP system.
Here are a few slides from the presentation that you will
have created by the end of this module.
A title slide that looks like this, section header slide that looks like
this, there'll be many of them, and product slides. Once again, many slides like this, and finally, an ending slide.